[Music]
this package just came in
get everybody out here
[Music]
play me
hello detective banks do you know where
your officers are
jigsaw wait i thought the jigsaw killer
was dead
he is
[Music]
finding their hours not days how can i
catch this guy
if there's nobody on the bus i can fuss
you can't do this alone whoever did this
has another motive
something personal was the last time you
saw your father
[Music]
all available units officer down that
was just a diversion
to get us out of the precinct
i need everyone on this case
it could be anywhere he could be anyone
we're gonna tear this city apart
[Music]
hello detective banks when was the last
time
you saw your father
[Music]
you